v17 change list.

General: A LOT of spelling mistakes corrected, page refs added. Cover icon, now with spikes for v17.  

p09. Simplified Initiative rule. Now stays with the same person entire game. 

p12. Updated moving Snobs to make sense with the updated Dash Special Rule. 

p17. Clarified Charging Rule. Its Impossible to charge off the board edge. 

p19. Clarified catching units with a charge and what happens when a charging unit cannot reach its target. Fearless added here. 

p20. Simplified retreating through units and DT tests. Now ONLY followers (both friendly and enemy) cause DT test on retreat. 

p29. Toff Off! simplified.  

p30. BUFF Fodder Safety in Numbers rules made easier to remember.

p30. Vanguard changed to work better with more unusual scenarios. 

p30. BUFF Whelp's Dash changed to a free Move after an order, NERF Vulnerability changed to 6+.  

p30. NERF Bastards reduced to 2 Wounds. 

P32. Clarfied Stump Gun Movement. It can never be moved.

p34. BUFF Stranglin' Harry, Rootlings now 6 models, CC weapons and have Uproot: can respawn in DT (but keep panic tokens), Harry's Method removes 3! panic tokens 

p38. BUFF Tod's Folly, Added Absolute Chaos, Causes Chain Routs. Tod Off! simplified. 

p40. BUFF Units do not recieve a panic token from failed Dangerous Terrain tests

p42. NERF Grand Bombard can't used spotter buff for Preliminary Bombardment. BUFF Snobs can capture Objectives

p48. BUFF Procession of Woe, increased range of Shrine, Zealots now extra attack on 2 panic (down from 3)

p50. NERF Red Ribbon Society, Can no longer add shooting attacks to Stump Guns. 

p52. BUFF The Feast of Charybdis, Rework of Burrowing, Crabs stats increased. M 10, A 10, I 5+, W 5, V 5+. Limit 2 Scuttlers. 

p54. BUFF Knights of Shellwood, Snail Knights increased A to 6. 

p56. BUFF Lopers of Maudlin Marsh, Rework. EVERYONE retreats forward. Lopers 2 W, V 7+. Stilt Spotters no more Wobble. Stilts now give all units Exposed. 

p58. NERF Aunts Ascendant, Balloon weaker to melee. 

p60. COMPLETE REWORK Leech lovers, now about Healing wounds by doing wounds in melee.

p62. COMPLETE REWORK Uprising of the Louse, Rabble Rabble Rabble.

p66. NERF Temple of Swellings. Reduced power of Tendrils, BUFF new Rootlings, can respawn near swelling.  

